Sorry
I'd prefer not to use it.
Yeah, I'm not like my father today, and I'm supposed to be home all day because I have some free time.
If you survive the war, have a time of peace, have a happy marriage, grow old and become a grandmother, and when the time comes for you to carry your cute grandchild on your lap, I'll tell you about it in the folk tales. ``When my grandmother was your sister's age, she used to crawl into a hole in the ground like a mole every day because she was afraid of being killed by a bomb.''
Oh, you woke up, I guess.
Thank you for taking good care of me.
Do you understand something?
That can't happen. This one is on time
There is another monument. The big one is
There are so many people around here who don't know about the fact that I'm getting carried away.
It was three days. That day, the next day, and the 9th day. On that day, I stayed at a hospital in Nitokaichi, and the next day I drove through the city and returned from Akinakano Station.
...The adoptive family was working hard until the last minute of summer vacation, and it seems that Aishima Toru did something terrible. Women shut themselves up in private, and the children say that there's something wrong with that... It died on the second day after my adopted child went home.
Even if you don't want to say anything, that's fine.
No, it's nothing.
Grandpa, what are you planning to do?
Hey, you got into another fight. Even if you say so, what's the point in making you worry about me when I'm always unhappy ?
Our time will come
good bye
Tone
I managed to get some ice in my hands. If you come to the dock every day to pick it up, I'll take it to the liner.
That's right
It's school, don't worry.
The skin of a burned student is stuck to the floorboards and cannot be removed even by rubbing.
Well, Mr. T is a rose. I'll buy roses too.
Let's go tomorrow morning
Yeah
How many demos will be evacuated? Odrocanides for American Herr
What happened?
hello
I see. Although he is 78 years younger than us, he has been in this world since he was a child. Even if you meet the same Pikadon, some people are just as lucky...
I hope it's okay tomorrow. There, around the end of the war, there was a fifth-dan judo teacher who had been evacuated and returned to Matsudaya. Nowadays, he has risen through the ranks in Osaka and holds the stock of a general in the Defense Agency. But last night I went back to visit the grave for the first time in seven years. Don't let all the people in the basement hand out souvenirs.
Atomic Bomb Survivor Health Handbook
Hey there, you did that. Did you finally go?
Kyo-san, I'm sure this doesn't make you feel any better, but there's nothing you can do about meeting the Emperor, really.
Oh, it's cold, shut up
.......Yeah
That's right...
Oh yeah, I said it wrong. He was your older brother. Anyway, if you decide to move to Building No. 0, I'll be happy to give it to you without opening the seal. There you don't have to worry about anything anymore. These are all seriously ill patients who don't even know their own names. No one has ever been able to go in there and come out again. So, as long as you are a resident of Building XX, I will give it to you unconditionally, no matter what is written on it.
Please wait a moment. Patient logic is a problem because it always makes leaps and bounds. In other words, it's illogical. This is a purely medical matter and has nothing to do with basic human rights or postal laws. In your case, the core of your neurosis and karma delusion stems from that very problem. No therapeutic measures must be taken. Just because a doctor restricts the intake of meat and salt to treat patients with gastrointestinal illnesses does not necessarily violate the constitution or infringe on individual freedom.
Tomorrow, bath day. Didn't you say tomorrow?
Me too.
In other words, does it resemble atomic bomb disease?
Statistical observations of non-atomic bomb survivors of Hiroshima
Well then, mom, tell Aunt Iwamoto that and stay with me. Or should I send a letter directly to Obayashi?
I'm not dissatisfied with being able to take care of Oha-san, but I feel lonely here because of the lack of culture. Well, that's probably not an extravagant statement.
Atomic bomb maiden to Osaka...
Turn
...The group was originally scheduled to consist of 13 people, but Rumiko Tsumura (24), Hijiyama-cho, Hiroshima City, was unable to travel due to a toothache...
Atomic Bomb Maiden
There's nothing sadder about the atomic bomb. I'm an atomic bomb survivor myself. Hmm, they come from here and there to play and I tell them not to make big faces...
I'm not anti-American. Rather, it is pro-American. ...Still, it was the United States that dropped the atomic bomb, so I was too anxious to ask the United States to do something about it...
I don't mind being called a remote place, but there's something aloof about it. No matter what I ask, I won't answer anything that comes to mind...
Now that I am blind, I have worked hard to help my remaining child grow up. But today, when the atomic bomb was dropped, would the Communist Party people be sitting there thinking that just because I'm a Communist Party, it's not scary? Did the Socialist Party people just sit there and say, I'm fine? Did the Liberal Democratic Party people just sit there and say I'm fine? I was also frightened and ran away. What are those people now? I am a member of the Communist Party, a member of the Socialist Party, and a member of the Liberal Democratic Party, but I act differently. I'll say as much as I want. What I want to say is that I don't want even a single person in the world to be in the same situation as me, who was blind and had to cry and cry with my child in my arms, suffering with blood and tears. ……
No, I haven't heard anything like that.
The military doctor said that not a single person was expected to survive. That's why I can't stand being carried around like that. What on earth is a doctor for, that bastard?
Now, I'll take your place as a teacher.
Then, like a madman, he wandered through the dead and found only those who could not be saved.
What is a decent woman? What kind of woman is that? Do you know what a decent human being is like? ...Your mother saw right through me, no doubt about it, but...
Minako was a first-year student, and her father was the chief of staff.
You are a totally dangerous person.
As I said the other day
contribute to humanity
Sort it out if you want it
No, Japan will never lose. His Majesty the Emperor is here, so we won't lose.
splendid
Of course
new village
Hiroshima Peace Culture Council
This is the summer of my seventh year. You know that a toad is laid as an egg, grows underground, and only becomes a toad in its seventh year. That's why I waited for the seventh summer. It screamed ! There were no flies in this land.
My son was in the same class as Mizutani and you throughout the war. Oh yeah, I stayed in the same house when I was working on culvert drainage work.
You idiot! You may be the class leader, but there's no way you would make such a weak voice. Hikkondore
If your wife agrees, I would like you and your family to smile like cherry blossoms at this camera. To make happy memories
Matsuyama Town is the center of the atomic bomb.
Where?
When I was in middle school, I saw you every morning and knew you.
A soldier who looks like you fell off the train...
Ever since my father passed away and I took over, everything has been going smoothly. I don't know how much his annual sales were, but it's probably in the billions. It seems like he has saved up quite a bit. XX Town, as you may know, is a commuter town that has recently started opening up, but they bought an entire hill there and built a house that looked like the White House to live in. We have a large family of about 40 people, including all of our relatives. No, he's a big guy.
On the night after the funeral, Mr. Katta, Mr. Inagaki, and my brother joined us, and we all had a lively time here, and it was decided that you would definitely appear at this house sometime soon. Ta
Come to think of it, don't you think that has something to do with it?
Go to the newspaper office in Katta at eleven o'clock tomorrow.
I love you, I love you, Katsuhiko.
But you know, I'm not alone in this experience. Everyone around me was just like me. And I guess we all understand that we share that experience, even if we don't say it in words.
Yes, but I think it would be clearer for you to know me that way.
But many people end up with that. Become exclusive with today's gratitude
I'm going to Hiroshima now. Murakoshi, I'm going to check to see if he's okay.
faust
The student, who appeared to be my son, was not seriously injured and returned home immediately after the incident.
How should one come to know oneself? Without reflection, you will never be able to do it. However, when it comes to deeds, it is often used as a deterrent. Try to fulfill your duty. Eventually you will know your worth. What is your duty? As per the demands of the day
Disgusting person
All Japanese women are going to be ravished by American women anyway, so if that's going to happen anyway, then Japanese people should...
she
Warning in progress
I can't come anymore
Just say it
It's going to be hot today, and you look pretty tired, so why don't you take a rest?
Do you know the address of this house?
shadow of death
Atomic bomb dome
atomic bomb bomb
Well, I'm happy! You can take me anywhere you like.
Yoshie doesn't like giving up. In some cases, it's okay to take time off from work.
Did anything unusual happen at the hospital?
That's strange, why do I feel so tired here?
I can't believe it. I thought it was glowing yellow, but then I couldn't figure out what was going on.
can you lead us there
Even if your hair falls out, you won't die. Kazuo-san, don't you feel relieved? It's an announcement from Hiroshima Sanatorium. I can trust it.
Who were you?
Big brother, a police car is following us.
Hey, try to be a master, you'll get hit.
--Mr. Noguchi, I'd like to ask you for your legs.
Ah, it's okay, you don't have to call me.
Compared to sledding, you, and the serious way they live their lives,
I got it. I'll do that as much as possible. But if they still come, I won't send them away. It's so cute that now that they know you're here, they're even more troubled.
Living an ascetic life, why?
I think life would be easier if it was a little more clean.
I don't like the fact that you don't really think about it, whether it's simple or naive. The second half, which preaches the promotion of science, is still good. Isn't it too obvious that this is based on Torahiko Terada's theory? But the introduction is really stupid. What does it mean to have a national polity that is crowned by a world-class emperor? I'm currently reading "Eika Monogatari". Maybe it's the author's fault , but I see that the Emperor of Japan is gentle. I don't see any tyrant type. Emperor Ichijo has reservations about Michinaga. But that's how society is. I don't think the Japanese emperor was particularly good or particularly generous. Just because the title of Emperor has been passed down from generation to generation since the founding of the country, I don't think that is something that should be praised. But it doesn't matter. As natural disasters continued, Emperor Ichijo often wanted to step down. Eventually he leaves home. I am thinking that the current Emperor should also quickly abdicate and issue an edict to end the war. People are dying one after another in the name of the Emperor. The suffering of the Japanese people is nothing short of a natural disaster...
In any case, please refrain from turning off the power switch due to the alarm. We, the nurses, are responsible for erasing it. If you cut it off without permission, you'll end up with bubbles. The injured are also frightened. Sounds good
It's a shame
Arai-kun, you're lucky that you didn't get killed, and I won the poor lottery. Even though the war is about to end...
I'll bring a guest tonight.
After graduating from Bunri University, I worked at Kokutaiji High School, and there was a teacher there who was a very small boy who liked meetings, and he said to me, ``Kurosaki-san, what kind of boy are you?'' Well, even though I was only four years old, all I could do was walk along walls, and my two younger brothers laughed at me. What's more, it looks shiny. I'm about to be crushed by Shan and Niya's four-foot body. I encourage them by saying, ``You should do your best, too.'' He was a very poor little man, and when I saw him, I felt sad, thinking that he would have to have such a fighting spirit to survive. His purpose in life was to become a vice principal by the time he was thirty. It's been 26 years since I started walking at the age of four. When I escaped from my workplace and the little man and went out into the city, I found that although most of pre-war Hiroshima had disappeared, there were still spirits of the earth left in the familiar places, and the ghosts of dead family members, relatives, and friends. The smell hit my nose, and when I returned to this house, Nobuko was silent, eyes shining like a gloomy kitten.
Well, I'm surprised you ate ten.
I'll take care of this.
If you're thirty-seven and a department manager, you'll get promoted quickly.
Say it somehow
Let's just go over there
ah
Sono trench. Enter the area. Immediately Hinotama Ga Moe Joruzo.
Chuck
The person who killed him was killed...
What I saw were cancer cells in your lungs. If you cut out a part of your lung and look at it under a microscope, you'll see cancer. It's like an ant hanging onto a dead insect. after that ……
True image
eternal cause
exile
three non-nuclear principles
neurosis
lack of energy
Atomic bomb disease
Was Ota in Hiroshima at that time? He must have eaten Afuri.
……
Being in the depths of poverty, with nothing to eat, is hopeless and pitiful.
I guess it won't work
Mine was the upper back tooth...
Since you didn't come to the tournament, that's a big deal.
Okiku-san
I heard that Mr. K also did the refacing of the tatami by himself. It's because my tatami mats got too dirty.
You've grown fat. I liked it when I lost my weight in the past.
I've never been so jealous before. Today is special. It's because of the almighty pass.
Oh, if I ever have to use it.
Excuse me. Get off quickly
That's why I say you're behind the times. They don't know that the world is progressing.
Bekaraz
Mr. Ninomiya
Dad, after we eat lunch, can we go to Mr. Mizuno's house?
It is said that there will be a big celebration of the 2,600th anniversary next year, and from what I've heard, some people from the countryside will be invited by His Majesty the Emperor to go to Miyagi. The Japanese military has also expanded its reach from Guangdong to Hainan Island, and some say French Indochina will definitely be next. Well, even in a war economy, the most important thing is to have a prosperous shop. Oh, madam, give me your seal here.
Please leave me alone! It's up to me. There's no need for rest. From dancing ginger to mahjong ginger to cutting the stomach.
Let's leave Taue or you alone and go to the hospital one more time...
Did you receive a condolence telegram from the representative, Kadumi?
I'm feeling better now.